(Transcribed by Sonix.ai - Remove this message by upgrading your Sonix account) Start by clicking the Boom Console extension.
Select the contacts tab and choose Google
Maps.
Now let's search for a location.
You'll see a Save Contacts button at the
top.
Simply select the contacts you want to save
and then Save Contacts.
Choose the destination folders and describe
your contacts.
Hit capture to save.
Once you see the success message, head to
your console and open the folder you chose.
By default, all your contacts are saved
inside the maps subfolder under the contacts
folder, and that's how you save locations in
boom console.